Add superuser API endpoints to export and import org data (#1394)
webrecorder/browsertrix: docs/deploy/admin.md

# Administration

## Org Import & Export

This guide covers exporting an organization from Browsertrix Cloud and optionally importing it into another Browsertrix Cloud cluster.

Both export and import are two-step processes, which involve:

1. Copying an organization's crawl, upload, and profile files in object storage
2. Copying an organization's database information via a portable JSON file

### Export

#### Export files

An organization's files are co-located within a "directory" in the S3 bucket being used for storage. This makes it possible to recursively copy all of the files in their original logical structure using tools such as the `aws s3` command-line interface or `rclone`, e.g.:

> ```

Reviewer: Code blocks that refer to code or commands always gotta have syntax highlighting!

They may not do _much_ for commands currently, but they highlight strings and are good to have in place for if we change the highlight rules later!
```suggestion
```sh
```

aws s3 cp s3://current-bucket/<org-id> /path/to/local/directory/<org-id> --recursive --endpoint=https://ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com
```

It is important to retain the directory structure if you wish to re-import your files into another Browsertrix Cloud cluster later, as some assets such as browser profiles and uploads  have "subdirectory" prefixes.

> ??? info "Object storage"

Reviewer: [Info Admonitions](https://docs.browsertrix.cloud/develop/docs/#admonitions) are always used with a conditional statement to represent the context under which the enclosed information is useful.  EG: `MicroK8S (recommended for Ubuntu)`

This might be a question or perhaps just a regular note?

Author: Ah I think a note would be a better fit, thank you!

> ??? info "Object storage"

Author: ```suggestion
!!! note
```

    Browsertrix Cloud uses S3-compatible object storage to manage files. In object storage systems, all files are stored flat in the underlying system but presented in logical "directories" based on file prefixes for user convenience.

    When we speak of a "directory" in an S3 bucket in this guide, we are referring to a consistent file prefix, in this case an organization's ID.

    When files are exported from an S3 bucket to a local filesystem such as a laptop or desktop computer, these logical "directories" will turn into folders in the local filesystem.

> If you are moving an organization from one Browsertrix Cloud cluster to another, you can sync the org id "directory" from one S3 bucket to another directly, skipping the need to download files locally as an intermediary step.

Reviewer: In the user guide I've avoided using language referring to the user as "You" and opted for slightly more matter-of-fact language as I find it can keep things more concise.  `...you can sync...` works well here though to convey it's an _option_ and probably better than `...the org id 'directory' can be directly synced from one bucket to another...` so probably not a hard rule, but maybe it is and we only use "you can" when the step is optional and only refer directly to the user when required / it's the most concise option?

Results in lots of `In order to do x, you can y` being shortened to `To do x, y` which I generally like.  Another example of my removal of this kind of language can be found in [this commit](https://github.com/webrecorder/browsertrix-cloud/pull/1376/commits/fb9e91f046d13a29cf0624716986bc4c9cf59895).

`For a simple crawl, you can choose Seeded Crawl option` → `For a simple crawl, choose the Seeded Crawl option`

Opinions?  I feel like my approach has possibly resulted in a less friendly sounding guide but either way, we should note down what we use and standardize accordingly.

```suggestion
When moving an organization from one Browsertrix Cloud cluster to another, you can sync the org id "directory" from one S3 bucket to another directly, skipping the need to download files locally as an intermediary step.
```

Author: I like the direct approach! Language has been updated if you want to take another check :)

#### Export database information

To generate a portable JSON representation of an org's database information, use the `GET /api/orgs/<org-id>/export` API endpoint and save the returned JSON to a file, e.g.:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -H "Content-type: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <jwt token>" https://browsertrix.cloud/api/orgs/<org-id>/export > org-export.json
```

This endpoint is available to superusers only.

### Import

#### Import files

If you already copied an organization's files to the S3 bucket being used in the new cluster, then you can skip this step. Otherwise, use a tool such as the `aws s3` command-line interface or `rclone` to sync the local directory of your files to the new bucket, being careful to retain the org ID "directory" and logical structure within, e.g.:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

aws s3 cp /path/to/local/directory/<org-id> s3://new-bucket/<org-id> --recursive
```

#### Import database information

To import an organization from a JSON export, use the `POST /api/orgs/import` API endpoint, passing in the contents of the JSON file as the POST data, e.g.:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

Newly created imported users are given a new secure random password. Prior to logging in on the new cluster for the first times, users will need to request a password reset from the login screen and follow the directions in the resulting email to create a new password.

##### Storage configuration

The storage name referenced in the organization and files to be imported must match the storage configuration name for primary storage in the newly created cluster.

If the storage name and configuration details are identical in the original and new clusters, no additional steps need to be taken.

If the primary storage for the new cluster uses a different name than the original cluster, storage references can be updated during import by passing the `storageName` query parameter to the import API endpont, e.g.:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X POST -H "Content-type: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <jwt token>" --data-binary "@org-export.json" https://browsertrix.cloud/api/orgs/import?storageName=newname
```

##### Database versions

By default, the import API endpoint will fail and return a `400` status code if the database version in the imported JSON differs from the database version of the new cluster.

To ignore this check, pass the `ignoreVersion` query parameter with a true value to the import API endpoint, e.g.:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```
